feat!: Add invalid prop to Field Set and update Field and Field Set docs (#1237)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/FieldSet/FieldSet.docs.mdx

import { Canvas, Controls, Markdown, Meta, Primary } from "@storybook/blocks";
import * as FieldSetStories from "./FieldSet.stories.tsx";
import README from "../../../../packages/css/src/components/field-set/README.md?raw";

<Meta of={FieldSetStories} />

<Markdown>{README}</Markdown>

<Primary />

<Controls />

## Examples

## With Description

A Field Set can have a description.
Make sure to connect this description to the Field Set or a specific input,
otherwise this won’t be read by a screen reader.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an `aria-describedby` attribute to the Field Set
and provide the `id` of the describing element as its value.

```

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.WithDescription} />

## With Error

A Field Set can indicate whether any of the inputs it contains has a validation error.

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.WithError} />

### Radio group

Use a Field Set to group radio buttons.

> When grouping radio inputs, use `role="radiogroup"` on Field Set to have this grouping explicitly announced as a radio group.
> Field Set has a default role of `group`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When grouping radio inputs, use `role="radiogroup"` on Field Set to have this grouping explicitly announced as a radio group (the default role is `group`).
```

Using `role="radiogroup"` also allows you to use `aria-required` on Field Set, which isn’t allowed for role `group`.
Always also set `aria-required` on the individual radio buttons though, to make sure it’s read by screen readers.

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.RadioGroup} />

### Checkbox group

Use a Field Set to group checkboxes.

Please note: [NVDA has bug](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/issues/12718) which causes it to

> not report a description connected to a Field Set when the Field Set contains checkboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not report a description connected to a Field Set when it contains checkboxes.
```
